Oh Goodson Todd and thank you for
joining us again for cooking with us as
you may or may not know my husband and I
just got back from a trip to Europe and
the last place you stayed was Munich
Germany so today we're going to make
German potato salad and bener schnitzel
and the inner schnitzel actually means
well
the schnitzel part just means it's a
breaded usually veal cutlet that's fried
but the Wiener part means that it's
actually from Vienna we also went to be
in this so it kind of works out and my
husband
this one actually ate a lot of
leadership so while we were in Munich
we're gonna make that today German style
potato salad is very different most
paterno salads that we've had in the
United States and that involves boiling
Yukon Gold potatoes potatoes so we're
gonna first start with bacon can't hurt
everyone loves bacon bacon
you know the pencil with a mess is a
let's start that really we're boiling
our potatoes for 23 minutes since we're
using your fish burger hopefully it'll
be a little bit less you can't find me
red onions here but we got one chopping
the red mm-hm
we only 1 tablespoon of dill now we're
going to chop our dill into tiny pieces
so writing 1 teaspoons of sugar to it
will be our mixture for our potatoes 2
teaspoons of salt and then says 1 or
fresh cracked pepper 3/4 of a cup red
wine vinegar 3/4 1/4 cup chicken stock I
almost look gelatin I've never reserved
bacon I'm no reserve okay we're gonna do
two teaspoons of the bacon fat
he's everything cool for a little bit
before you remove the skins to hold it
like this and this game just peels off
no that's why you've saved your hand
from being burned mm-hmm
we cool so you remove the skins from
gently mix it cuz they're very uh
they're very easy turned emotion we
don't want that is this good enough of
that so this looks really a lot more
liquidy than what the recipe shows he's
good now thank you okay all right so we
our winner
gonna sell it to just wrap to me as well
as you've been agreed with Terrence does
it tastes authentic from over in Germany
so I guess I didn't eat it then so I
believe him and now we're going to start
with our first finisher and there we
used breakfast in my life before so a
little thing is two eggs some say 3
since the large pot in the news 3 okay
we tried to get the veal cutlets frankly
super rough and mixing the babies inner
sense a little but the only bill cutlets
we could find at the major market here
we're frozen so these are tenderize the
pork chops so we don't have to be then
then they're pretty thin so that works
out for us cuz we don't have a meat
mallet first you dredge it in the flour
che guevara put it in the eggs
don't push the red comes into it the
bread comes we'll just make a layer on
the outside so isn't lightly not hurting
good enough I mean I guess and then
that's it until it dries out a little
bit okay that's - it's fine
if you're looking for lard in the store
miss if I could just said lard on it
it's what's for dinner
okay so this is a person I've ever seen
lard in person or bullet in my hands
how much later I said it has to be it
has to go to the size of your frame and
a quarter-inch so the video is hardened
melted obviously temperature at the
lardons be 30 degrees before you even
try to these guys in because what you
want to do is put them in cook them for
three to five minutes on one side flip
them and we flip them you're gonna
starve in the oil of the lard on top
because that's gonna keep it crispy and
then we put it in our oven was just at
10 degrees or not and waiting okay oh
good boy is that babe and that is a lot
of lard
maybe this is gonna be the best dinner
year very so okay so now we're going to
the dangerous task of our generation
insulin
very good and that's the really the way
you're supposed to eat it ma'am
hi it's next morning last night we
enjoyed very much
our readers pencils and our potato salad
um it's supposed to be about the Pinto
salad sitting on your plate for a little
while doesn't seem as vinegary at all
it's actually quite good
I'm gonna share this with my husband for
breakfast even though you had to last
night and only have one we should
obviously be a lot more than four but
now we know how to make of him there
easy I just made coffee as you can see
I'm being the dutiful wife house making
it so that makes it breakfast right but
to give a solid finish to the to the
video which I don't think I I did last
night
honestly it's best to eat the finish
myself right away because it's very
crunchy and good
so as you can kind of see this is our
plate of leftover readers missile and
salad I put some lemon juice on top and
not burn a small right
but whatever apparently I figure buddy
something tastes good of it like this
you notice that I've never stood
watching my own videos so the Venus
pencil is freakin good super easy to
make and you should definitely try it
it's meeting it's like Germany cuz
that's rate most of it but I would say
it should also taste like in Vienna or
anywhere in Austria I guess the potato
salad is singularly villages well there
you have it everybody this pork version
of winter sensible has the A+ thumbs up
from me
and didn't have one from there as well
he's gonna go down the eat it for
breakfast you know enjoy and who's not
at eat thanks for joining us and ciao -
peace mine kitty you can't dustiest mine
from our line kitty cat what busy he's a
hopper dog